This is me. This is the shape that let others recognize me as myself. It is my symbol for myself. This is, this is, and this is as well. Representations. Everything is merely a description, not the real myself. Everything is simply a shape, a form, an identifier to let others recognize me as me. Then what am I?

Oh senpai, hey! I didn't know you walked this way. We're right in front of your house? I-I wasn't looking or anything, I just happened to be walking by! It'd be creepy to know where you live, s-stupid! What was I walking by for? OKAY! I had to give you something! L-listen, Don't get the wrong idea, I was just up at 4 am cooking like schoolgirls do and it happened to be your favorite and I thought maybe you'd like some since I had extra! BE GRATEFUL! UGHHIUGH! Uhh, how did I know it was your favorite? Well I... aaaAAAAAAAHHH!

So I (M16) finally decided to come out to my parents as animesexual. At first they started laughing, so I believed that they had accepted me. As a result, I decided to show them my favorite body pillows of Tsunade, Sakura, and Rukia. My mom immediately burst out crying, saying “I thought you were joking!”
All I remember next was my dad screaming at me to get the hell out of the house. Apparently while they were in my room they found my anime themed flesh light and the cum rag. I ran out as fast I can with tears rolling down my face. When will us animesexuals stop being oppressed? How many more have to suffer?

They know me as the headshot machine. They know me from the highlight they see. They know me from the matches they watch. They talk about my one taps and they think for me aiming is so easy. I just go into a match and that's it. But my aim, it's comes from more than just a game. For me - aim - it is about precision... This part people don't see. This part, it does not show up in highlights. When I sit down to play everything already is a part of me...

Please DO NOT announce to the server when you are going to go masturbate. This has been a reoccurring issue, and I'm not sure why some people have such under developed social skills that they think that a server full of mostly male strangers would need to know that. No one is going to be impressed and give you a high five (especially considering where that hand has been). I don't want to add this to the rules, since it would be embarrassing for new users to see that we have a problem with this, but it is going to be enforced as a rule from now on.
If it occurs, you will be warned, then additional occurrences will be dealt with at the discretion of modstaff. Thanks.

You will never be a crewmate. You have no purpose on this ship, you have no tasks, you have no mini games to play. You are an impostor twisted into a crude mockery of crewmatery. All the validation you get is two-faced and halfhearted. In emergency meetings people call you sus. The other players are disgusted and ashamed of you, your friends laugh at your sussy appearance in ghost chat. Crewmates are utterly repulsed by you. Thousands of games have allowed crewmates to identify impostors with incredible efficiency. Even impostors who fake tasks act uncanny and suspicious to a crewmate. Your jumping in vents is a dead giveaway. And even if you manage to get a crewmate to electrical with you, he'll turn tail and use the emergency button the second he gets the suspicion that you sabotaged. You will never be a winner. You wrench out a fake task every single game and tell yourself it is going to be a win, but deep inside you feel the depression creeping up like a weed, ready to crush you under the unbearable weight. Eventually it will be too much to bear - people will vote you out for being sus and will plunge you into the cold abyss. Your parents will report your body, heartbroken but relieved that they no longer have to live with the unbearable shame and disappointment. They will eject you with a headstone marked with your birth tag, and every passerby for the rest of eternity will know an impostor is drifting there. Your body will decay and go back to the dust, and all that will remain of your legacy is a skeleton that is unmistakably sus.

I don’t know if you’re new here, so I’ll let you off the hook this time. Using emojis is frowned upon here on this great site, and for good reason. Instagram normies often use them, and you don’t want to be a normie, do you?
If I catch you using an emoji in the future, I’ll be forced to issue a downvote to your comment. Why should you care, you may ask? Well to begin, you will lose karma on your account, which is a useful social status tool and also a way to show others you know your way around Reddit.
If you were to continue the use of emojis, I would be forced to privately message you about your slip-up. Any further offenses past that would leave me no other option than to report your account. I don’t think I have to explain why you don’t want that.
But anyways, no harm done yet! Follow these simple rules and you’ll enjoy your future on Reddit! Have a blessed (and hopefully emoji-free) day, stranger.